The report studies the used car market in Belarus and predicts the price for the cars based on the different features and factors that can affect the price. PySpark has been used to analyze the data and perform regression analysis.  Four different methods of regression are used for the purpose of prediction which are Linear Regression, Decision Tree, Random Forest, and Gradient Boosting Trees. The dataset “used cars-catalog” has been considered for predicting the price of the car. The data was in a structured format however further cleaning had to done to eliminate the null values, wrong entries, irrelevant rows and columns etc. The data has been further studied through visualization using Tableau for a better understanding. The effect of features like odometer value, year of manufacture of the car, engine type, transmission etc. has been studied. The type of transmission had an effect on the overall number of cars in the used car industry from the year 1980. All-wheel drives are more in the market with higher price compared to the other drive trains. Volkswagen is the most popular brand in Belarus. Not much could be concluded regarding the relationship between number of days the car has been listed to the price of the car.
From the regression analysis, many methods were adopted to predict the price using the features odometer value, year of manufacture, engine capacity, type of transmission, color, engine fuel type, engine type, state of the car and drive train of the car. According to the result, odometer value has the most effect on the price of the car, followed by year of manufacture and type of transmission. Rest of the features contribute quite negligible to the price prediction of the car. Linear Regression performed the worst, Random Forest Regressor and Decision Tree Regressor gave almost the same result but Gradient Boosting Regression gave the best result out of the four methods performed for this task. Using Gradient boosting, a good model was built for the price prediction of used car. 

